[DOCS] Adds release-note:feature label (#91734)
elastic/kibana: docs/developer/contributing/index.asciidoc

[[contributing]]
== Contributing

> Whether you want to fix a bug, implement a feature, add an improvement, add APIs, the following sections will 

Reviewer: I think there's a word missing here:
```suggestion
Whether you want to fix a bug, implement a feature, add an improvement, or add APIs, the following sections will 
```

When you create the Release Notes text, use the following best practices:

* Use active voice. 
* Use sentence case.
* When you create a PR that adds a feature, start with `Adds`.
* When you create a PR that improves an existing feature, start with `Improves`. 
* When you create a PR that fixes existing functionality, start with `Fixes`.
* When you create a PR that deprecates functionality, start with `Deprecates`.

[discrete]
==== Add your labels

To make sure that your PR is included in the Release Notes, add the right label.

[arabic]
. Label the PR with the targeted version (ex: `v7.3.0`).
. Label the PR with the appropriate GitHub labels:
  * `release_note:feature` — New user-facing features, significant enhancements to features, and significant bug fixes (in rare cases).
  * `release_note:enhancement` — Minor UI changes and enhancements.

>   * `release_note:fix` — Fixed bugs from the previous release. 

Reviewer: I paused to ponder whether it was the bugs or the fixes that were in the previous release. Is this clearer?
```suggestion
  * `release_note:fix` — Fixes for bugs that existed in the previous release. 
```

>   * `release_note:deprecation` — Deprecated functionality from the previous release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `release_note:deprecation` — Deprecates functionality that existed in previous releases.
```
